feat(windows): beta support (#3290)
jina-ai/jina: docs/advanced/experimental/windows.md

# Jina on Windows

Jina is built keeping *nix based platforms in mind. Few of the upstream libraries that jina relies on also follow a similar ideology. Having said that, we made a few changes to add basic support on Windows. 

```{caution}

> There'd be a significant performance impact while running Jina on Windows. Use with caution!s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be a significant performance impact while running Jina on Windows. Use with caution```

```

> This document tries to summarize caveats to make jina function smoothly on Windows. [If you face additional issues, please let us know.](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/issues/new/choose)

Reviewer: **J**ina
